java c ECE 101A Engineering Electromagnetics Homework#6 Due: Wednesday, November 20th, 23:59 Please submit your homework to Gradescope Problem 1 Infinite sheet current (a) Find the B-field and H-field created by an infinite, uniform. sheet current density that flows on the x-y plane along the x-direction (i.e. surface current) of (Jo is a constant with units A/m). How does the field depend upon the distance from the surface? (b) Repeat part (a) for an infinite slab of current density extending in the x-y plane, whose density is given by
(JI is a constant bulk current density with units A/m2). Make sure you give the field for all values of z, and don't forget the direction. (c) Now the current density in part (b) is changed to I>how does the field depend upon the distance from the surface? Problem 2 Obtain an expression for the self-inductance per unit length for the pa代 写ECE 101A Engineering Electromagnetics Homework#6Haskell 代做程序编程语言rallel wire transmission line of the figure below in terms of a, d, and μ, where a is the radius of the wires, d is the axis-to-axis  distance between the wires, and μ is the permeability of the medium in which they reside. Problem 3 In terms of the dc current I, how much magnetic energy is stored in the insulating medium of a 3 m long, air-filled section of a coaxial transmission line, given that the radius of the inner conductor is 5 cm and the inner radius of the outer conductor is 10 cm? Problem 4 A wire is formed into a square loop and placed in the x–y plane with its center at the origin and each of its sides parallel to either the x or y axes. Each side is 40 cm in length, and the wire carries a current of 5 A whose direction is clockwise when the loop is viewed from above. Calculate the magnetic field at the center of the loop.

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
